docs: improve dynamic dispatch Worker documentation (#24503)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: src/content/docs/cloudflare-for-platforms/workers-for-platforms/get-started/dynamic-dispatch.mdx

  order: 3

---
import { Render, PackageManagers, WranglerConfig } from "~/components";

A [dynamic dispatch Worker](/cloudflare-for-platforms/workers-for-platforms/reference/how-workers-for-platforms-works/#dynamic-dispatch-worker) is a specialized routing Worker that directs incoming requests to the appropriate user Workers in your dispatch namespace. Instead of using [Workers Routes](/workers/configuration/routing/routes/), dispatch Workers let you programmatically control request routing through code.

![Figure 1: Workers for Platforms: Main Flow](~/assets/images/reference-architecture/programmable-platforms/programmable-platforms-1.svg)

#### Why use a dynamic dispatch Worker?

> * **Scale**: Perfect for routing thousands or millions of hostnames to different Workers, without needing to rely on [Workers Routes](/workers/configuration/routing/routes/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Scale**: Allows you to route requests to millions of hostnames to different Workers, without defining [Workers Routes](/workers/configuration/routing/routes/) configuration for each one
```
